# Hello-World
Time to go to work.


I like video games,boxing and vegan foods i love meats to and all foods. Im tired of working hard i want something i can enjoy doing like computers software etc. growing up as a child my parents bought my brother and me all the entertainment consoles at the time because we lived in a stressful neighboorhood where people do drive bys for no reason, there would be fights on the streets for no reason you had to defend yourself, it was scary. thank god boxing saved my life emotionally the sweet science of boxing is amazing its all the same. so our parents both hardworkers loved us alot its crazy love, believe me they started young my mother was 17 when she had me my father was 20. crazy and young thats life though. but i woundered how was the video game consoles created i found the answer i guess computer software i think, hopefully im close enough to the conclussion but everything evolving technology is in front of our eyes and its what get's the people comfortable in life THE people enjoy technology such as (Televisons,internet,laptops,computers,phones) Since technology has improved drastically over the years telephones have now evolved like we never imagined people now use telephones to access to websites and applications. for example you can view youtube on your telephone, you can face chat now there are abundance of cool features you can on telephones now. Ive been surruanded around technology as a child and still and looking to get evolved with it for the rest of my life.
